> **Fitzpatrick**: Yeah, I worked at Tektronix for a while. Before I had any
official job, I got some hosting account. I got kicked off of AOL for writing
bots, flooding their chat rooms, and just being annoying. I was scripting the
AOL client from another Windows program. I also wrote a bot to flood
their online form to send you a CD. I used every variation of my name,
because I didn’t want their duplicate suppression to only send me one CD,
because they had those 100 free hours, or 5,000 free hours. I submitted this
form a couple thousand times and for a week or so the postman would be
coming with bundles of CDs wrapped up.
>
> My mom was like, “Damn it, Brad, you’re going to get in trouble.” I was like,
“Eh—their fucking fault, right?” Then one day I get a phone call and I actually
picked up the phone, which I normally didn’t, and it was someone from
AOL. They were just screaming at me. “Stop sending us all these form
submissions!” I’m not normally this quick and clever, but I just yelled back,
“Why are you sending me all this crap? Every day the postman comes! He’s
dropping off all these CDs!” They’re like, “We’re so sorry, sir. It won’t
happen again.” Then I used all those and I decorated my dorm room in
college with them. I actually still have them in a box in the garage. I can’t get
rid of them because I just remember them being such a good decoration at
one point.
>
> Coders at work -

>Seibel: So programming is what you’d do for fun, even if you quit working?
>
>Fitzpatrick: Oh, yeah. I’d still do stupid shit. I have this silly board game on
my phone. I was kind of tired—I couldn’t work on anything serious, so I
wrote a solver for that game. Tried to do some dynamic programming and
did different board sizes and did a bunch of random boards and made a
histogram of how many moves it takes to solve the board for different
board sizes. I sent it to the author because the game has a really bad
estimate of par. Basically, to advance in the game you have to do better than
par. And everyone on the mailing list was noticing that the game got easier
as you went on because his estimate of par he kind of pulled out of
nowhere. So I sent him the histograms at every board size. I think in the
new version of the game he adjusted par. That was a fun hack, just on the
shuttle home. I could retire and just do dumb shit like that all day.
